Update login_link.rst (#14700)
symfony/symfony-docs: security/login_link.rst

            <button type="submit">Continue</button>
        </form>
    {% endblock %}

> Changing success handler
> ........................

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customizing the Success Handler
...............................
```

You can change how the success handler works.
First create the ``AuthenticationSuccessHandler``::

    // src/Security/Authentication/AuthenticationSuccessHandler.php
    namespace App\Security\Authentication;

>     use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\JsonResponse;

Reviewer: This is not used, isn't it?

    use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request;
    use Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Authentication\Token\TokenInterface;
    use Symfony\Component\Security\Http\Authentication\AuthenticationSuccessHandlerInterface;

    class AuthenticationSuccessHandler implements AuthenticationSuccessHandlerInterface
    {

>         public function onAuthenticationSuccess(Request $request, TokenInterface $token)

Reviewer: does the method has a return type?

        {

>             // ...

Reviewer: Can you add a common use or example here?

        }
    }

> Modify the configuration and add ``success_handler``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the configuration and use your handler for the ``success_handler`` key:
```

            <button type="submit">Continue</button>
        </form>
    {% endblock %}

> 

Reviewer 2: Remove one empty line.

Changing success handler
........................

> You can change how success handler works.

Reviewer 2: Maybe word this different:

> You can change how the success_handler works

> First create `AuthenticationSuccessHandler`

Reviewer 2: Maybe word this different:

> First create the `AuthenticationSuccessHandler` file

> You can change how the success handler works.
> First create the ``AuthenticationSuccessHandler``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize, how the success handler behaves, create  your own ``AuthenticationSuccessHandler``::
```

.. configuration-block::

    .. code-block:: php-annotations
    
        // src/Security/Authentication/AuthenticationSuccessHandler.php
        namespace App\Security\Authentication;

        use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\JsonResponse;
        use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request;
        use Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Authentication\Token\TokenInterface;
        use Symfony\Component\Security\Http\Authentication\AuthenticationSuccessHandlerInterface;

        class AuthenticationSuccessHandler implements AuthenticationSuccessHandlerInterface
        {
            public function onAuthenticationSuccess(Request $request, TokenInterface $token)
            {
                ...
            }
        }
    

> Modify configuration and add `success_handler`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe word this different:
> Modify the configuration and add the `success_handler`.

            xmlns:srv="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services"
            xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
            xsi:schemaLocation="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services
                https://symfony.com/schema/dic/services/services-1.0.xsd
                http://symfony.com/schema/dic/security
                https://symfony.com/schema/dic/security/security-1.0.xsd">

            <config>
                <firewall name="main">
                    <login-link check-route="login_check"
                        check-post-only="true"
                        max-uses="1"
                        lifetime="600"
                        success_handler="App\Security\Authentication\AuthenticationSuccessHandler"
                    />
                </firewall>
            </config>
        </srv:container>

    .. code-block:: php

        // config/packages/security.php
        $container->loadFromExtension('security', [
            'firewalls' => [
                'main' => [
                    'login_link' => [
                        'check_route' => 'login_check',
                        'lifetime' => 600,
                        'max_uses' => 1,

>                         'success_handler' => 'App\Security\Authentication\AuthenticationSuccessHandler'

Reviewer 2: Please add a `,` at the end of the line.
